I got two other annotations for the routes here,
the named routes. For one, home always also has an automatically named route which is just slash.
So if I would add a route to just slash like this here and I then remove this home key, it would still work,
of course I have to provide a builder function here though. So if we do this, if I add this /route
here with a builder function that loads my category screen,
this still works and I still get my categories here and I can navigate around and so on.
If you for some reason want to make sure that the default behavior of Flutter is to not load slash but
a different route, you can also add an initial route argument to your MaterialApp and the default value
is just slash, so you don't need to set this.
Now one last important note about these route names, of course you can type them like this in the main.dart
file but the downside of that of course is that when you want to go to your category meals here
for example, you manually have to type that name when you use pushNamed.
Now of course, it's easy to have a typo here and suddenly, your app is broken and finding that error can
be hard,
hence a common practice is to add a static constant property to your screens.
So here for the category meal screen widget, you would add a static const property which is a property
that can be accessed without instantiating that class, which has a name of routeName or a screen name
or anything like that,
the name is up to you and there you would store your routeName, like category meals and the advantage
of this approach is that you can now go to the main.dart file and instead of hardcoding it here, you
would point at your class, category meal screen, not instantiate it, so don't add parentheses but simply
refer to that static property like this, which gives us a string and which is therefore a perfectly
fine key
here in our map because routeName gives us a string and now in the place where you push, you would do
the same.
So here, you would simply use CategoryMealsScreen and access routeName, of course make sure for
that you're importing category_meals_screen.dart in the file where you use that.
So that's simply an approach which is less error prone and therefore preferable. Ultimately it's of course
up to you if you want to use named routes or if you want to push routes
as I showed it in the first approach but especially in bigger apps, I would definitely recommend checking
out named routes.